Add COCO to YOLO conversion guide (#23930)
ultralytics/ultralytics: docs/en/guides/coco-to-yolo.md

convert_coco(labels_dir="cvat_export/annotations/", save_dir="converted/", cls91to80=False)
```

!!! note "SAM annotations in CVAT"

    If you used [SAM](../models/sam.md) for annotation in CVAT, annotations may have `iscrowd=1`. By default, `convert_coco()` skips crowd annotations. If all your annotations are marked as crowd, your converted label files will be empty. Preprocess your JSON to set `iscrowd: 0` before converting.

### Label Studio to YOLO

[Label Studio](https://labelstud.io/) may export non-contiguous `category_id` values (e.g., 5, 10, 15). The `convert_coco()` function handles this with `cls91to80=False` by remapping each ID to `category_id - 1`.

```python
from ultralytics.data.converter import convert_coco

convert_coco(labels_dir="label_studio_export/", save_dir="converted/", cls91to80=False)
```

!!! warning "Non-contiguous category IDs"

    If your tool exports `category_id` values like `[5, 10, 15]`, `convert_coco()` with `cls91to80=False` will produce class IDs `[4, 9, 14]` (subtracting 1). Make sure your `dataset.yaml` `names` dictionary matches these IDs, or remap them to contiguous IDs `[0, 1, 2]` manually before conversion.

### Roboflow to YOLO

> [Roboflow](https://roboflow.com/) can export datasets with `category_id` starting from 0. Using `cls91to80=True` (default) on Roboflow exports will produce incorrect class mappings.

Reviewer: ⚠️ **HIGH**: This section is internally inconsistent with the rest of the guide. A few lines later the doc explains that `cls91to80=False` maps classes by subtracting 1 from `category_id`; if a Roboflow export is truly 0-based, that would yield `-1` class IDs rather than fixing the mapping. Please clarify whether Roboflow COCO exports are actually 1-based here, or document that users must remap 0-based IDs before conversion.

**Suggested change:**
```suggestion
[Roboflow](https://roboflow.com/) exports can use category numbering that does not match the standard COCO 91-to-80 mapping. Using `cls91to80=True` (default) on these exports can produce incorrect class mappings, so verify the exported `category_id` values and use `cls91to80=False` only when they are 1-based or have been remapped appropriately.
```
